Summarize entity roles, lifecycles, relationships (#158)
redhat-appstudio/architecture: book/index.md

data-plane resources. The system responds to user requests by creating and managing the lifecycle of
these resources.

> - An [Application] represents a functionally coherent set of git branches that should be built,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [Application] represents a functionally coherent set of [Components] that should be built,
```

  tested, and released together. The user provides and names their [Applications]. They are

>   generally long-lived and don't change much after they are created.

Reviewer: Nit: Not changing much after they are created seems like a misclassification. They are not changing much after they have been fully defined, but it may take some time for them to be fully defined (i.e. adding components individually).

> - A [Component] represents an image to build from a particular git branch (and a particular context

Reviewer: Should we use "image" or some other term? OCI artifact? Can we go ahead and generalize it _now_ or should we live with this definition and update later?

(this would need to be consistent throughout the proposed change)

Author: Oh, why not. Let's say OCI artifact.

  directory). It is owned by an [Application]. The user provides and names their [Components] and

>   specifies which git repositories and branches they relate to. The user may add, remove, or change

Reviewer: I wouldn't consider Components really _relating to_ git repos/branches. Instead, I think of it more of which repos/branches define how the underlying artifact is built.

Author: Agreed. Updated!

>   [Components] over the lifespan of an [Application].

Author: Yeah - that's too much detail here.

- A [Snapshot] represents a collection of particular image builds, mapped to the [Components] of an

>   [Application]. A [Snapshot] is owned by an [Application]. Generally, the [integration-service]

Author: Agreed - I took a stab at it in 5a5e057.

>   [Application]. A [Snapshot] is owned by an [Application]. Generally, the [integration-service]

Reviewer 2: So, the Application / Snasphot can describe more than Components?

  produces new [Snapshots] automatically in response to completed builds. It is also possible for
  the user to construct and provide [Snapshots] to test or release deliberate combinations of
  images. Old [Snapshots] are garbage collected if not bound to other resources like
  a [SnapshotEnvironmentBinding] or a [Release].
- An [IntegrationTestScenario] represents a test that should be run against new [Snapshots] that

>   belong to a particular [Application]. It is owned by an [Application]. The user provides writes

Author: Oh, the IntegrationTestScenario just has a mandatory reference to the Application in its `spec`: https://redhat-appstudio.github.io/architecture/ref/integration-service.html#integrationtestscenariospec

  tekton pipelines that test their application and registers them with the system by creating
  [IntegrationTestScenarios].
- An [Environment] represents a destination that [application-service] and the [gitops-service] can

>   deploy things to. Multiple [Applications] in the same workspace can deploy to the same

Reviewer: Can we be more specific than "things" here?

Author: I just dropped "things", being even less specific.

I'd rather not work on this part, in light of https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/architecture/pull/147

  A [SnapshotEnvironmentBinding] is owned by an [Application]. The [integration-service promotes
  images] by updating the [SnapshotEnvironmentBinding] associated with an [Environment]. The
  [SnapshotEnvironmentBinding] is generally long-lived.
- A [ReleasePlan] represents a release pipeline that can be used to release a [Snapshot] to some
  destination, depending on the implementation of the release pipeline. A [ReleasePlan] is owned by
  an [Application]. It can operate in two modes, one which executes a "tenant" release pipeline in
  the user's workspace, and another when used in conjunction with a [ReleasePlanAdmission] where it
  executes a "managed" release pipeline in a separate privileged workspace owned by another team.
  The [ReleasePlan] is generally long-lived.
- A [ReleasePlanAdmission] represents an *acceptance* of release pipeline content from another
  team's workspace into *this* workspace. It is used exclusively in conjunction with a [ReleasePlan]
  to represent agreement on details about how to release [Snapshots] across workspace boundaries.
  The [ReleasePlanAdmission] is generally long-lived.

> - A [Release] represents a request to release a particular set of images (represented by

Author: Yeah, I was going for "logical" ordering, thinking that you need to know about app and component before you know about snapshot. I think you need to know about RP and RPA before you can learn about Release.
